MailChimp Simple Signup
Version: ~0.0.1


h1. Features:

* facebook information subscription of MailChimp list
* grabs email, fname, and lname - for now
* standard facebook button theme
* simple error reporting letting the user know which lists are incompatible and why
** the list form must not require any other fields than EMAIL/FNAME/LNAME 
** it also must use the EMAIl/FNAME/LNAME field tag convention 
*** sorry to the people who like using FIRSTNAME as a merge tag, maybe I'll make it more flexible later

h1. Ideas:
* other fields to be grabbed from fbook, location(zip)?,website? derp?
* Other OAuth providers?

h1. TODO:
* make unit tests not collide again... currently must be run one at a time. =(
* Full button-side error reporting
* scrolling button text? UX ideas
* style admin/dashboard pages
* dashboard button customization code (button-width slider, custom text)



h1. Dev environment setup:
# create couchDBs somewhere (iriscouch.com) and hookup to config/database.js
# register MailChimp dev/pro Oauth applications and hookup to config/oauth.js
# plug in API keys for each MC account for async testing in test/models/factory/user.js
# set up proper facebook app ids and basepaths in app/server.js
# $ npm install
# expresso test/models/*
# expresso test/controllers/*

h4. Some notes about that:
* follow corresponding *Example.js for 1-3 above
* user_id and list_id in test/models/subscription have not been moved to factory yet 
** I plan on moving them when I implement dynamic merge values
* the same goes for statically coded ids in test/controllers/subscription_controller
* The MC Oauth application requires 127.0.0.1 for dev testing redirect_urls
* Facebook apps require localhost for dev testing
** as such, there are now two URLs to be specified in the development env section of app/server.js to help match both of these requirements
** server.basepath is used in dev to generate MC-specific links
** server.facebook_basepath is used in dev to make the button UI work from views/welcome/dashboard

h1. design notes
* this is some kind of bastardized MVC/Model2 thing... hopefully it gets the point across
